docs(UIB): improve tutorial (#2885)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/download-and-launch.adoc

= Download and launch Bonita UI Builder
:page-aliases: applications:download-and-launch.adoc

> :description: Lean how to setup Bonita UI Builder environment ready for development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Learn how to download and launch Bonita UI Builder.
```

Author: @marcobonita why do the changes I propose not suit you?

Reviewer: @educhastenier ce qui me gène c'est d'ajouter un 3ème pré-requis et d'afficher un gros bloc warning d'entrée de jeu. Je propose une approche plus "douce" ici : https://github.com/marcobonita/bonita-doc/blob/patch-44/modules/applications/pages/ui-builder/download-and-launch.adoc

[NOTE]
====
For Subscription editions only.
====

{description}

== Prerequisites
* Docker installed.
* 2024.3 Bonita (or any later version) started on your local machine.

> * Ensure no firewall is blocking the connection between Bonita UI Builder and Bonita Runtime. Firewall configuration depends on your operating system.

Reviewer 2: Perhaps give your specific env as an example.

> * Ensure no firewall is blocking the connection between Bonita UI Builder and Bonita Runtime. Firewall configuration depends on your operating system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: @marcobonita why do you suggest to remove this (essential) sentence?

To use Bonita UI Builder, a Bonita runtime running on your local machine is required (it may be a Bonita Studio or a standalone Bonita runtime).

> [WARNING]
> ====
> The `docker-compose.yml` example below assumes that Bonita is accessible on port 8080.
> 
> If you run:
> 
> * on a Tomcat Bundle and you changed the default HTTP port
> * on a Bonita Studio, you need to check the port used by going into `Preferences`, `Deployment`, `Server settings`, `Port`. (Default is 8080, but can be different if port was already in use when Bonita Studio started)
> 
> then you need to change value `8080` in the Docker Compose configuration below: property `BONITA_API_URL`
> 
> ====
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: @marcobonita why do you suggest to remove this paragraph?
